Hello! Welcome to my "Educational" repository. Here you may find the code I've written for mostly academic purposes. I will be featuring this repository in my future blog posts.

A wise person on the internet has advised me to set up a portfolio over github so I can show off my coding and algorithm skills to all mankind and demonstrate how awesome I am. I had many code snippets laying around so I thought gathering them would be a good starting point. I was an exchange student at Poland a year ago, and since our main occupation was drinking and partying, I couldn't spend much time coding stuff for my own amusement so most of the code I've found was academic projects that I've written while I was a neophyte coder. 

At first, in a sense of perfection I had the idea of polishing the code and uploading them straight away to github. Then I realized how stupid that would be; I've been reading a lot of blogs about overall CS stuff and quite frequently I was stumbling upon blog posts mocking bad coders/bad code without pointing any finger towards both, so absent seeing how a "bad code" looks like, I was in the delusion of being a "good" coder. Now, at this point, I would argue that its not completely false ( like, %85 false :) ) because I still think the code that I've written was way above the median of code quality compared to the code that was written by my peers, which at that time I was taking it as reference because it made me feel good, but compared to professional world, I think I have stuff to learn. Then it gave me the idea that, actually critizing the code that I've written myself, learning from my own mistakes while having opportunity to show how a "bad" code looks like.

In highschool, I was quite often trying to invent novel ways of solving a problem or a method to derive complex trigonometry/calculus equations from the simpler ones to reduce memorization, most of the time failing miserably yet I actually had a few breakthroughs which benefited to myself and my peers greatly during the university entrance exams. Now, highschool teachers are great at solving a problem and explaining to you but they didn't ever told me what was wrong with my approach. For me, the former is just a pointless knowledge assimilation. The first sign of building a firm understanding over a subject is not understanding/to be able to explain how it works, but understanding how a change in the subject will affect the yield. This kind of understanding was denied by my teachers so I had to do it myself.

Now I'm taking matters into my own hands. This time, I will be my own teacher, and I will do this as it should have been done. o

So, that's how I got the idea :). Over time, I will be documenting all the code you will find in this repository and also be adding new code. Happy coding :) 